I hope that in the previous exercise it Major realized how amazing Dr. composes and how easy it is to
set up something like rattus on it.
So let me show you how we can set up rattus onto the stock gumbos.
If you weren't able to do it again we're just going to add a new service by first adding a comment and
we're going to add a rattus service and this Retta service will have an image that is read us.
Luckily Dr. Haab already has a red a image already set up for us which is very very kind of them.
And then we also want to add ports.
So we have access to it on our machine.
When our local host and we'll give it the default rattus port which is 6 3 7 9.
And if you ever start a rattus server this is exactly how the poor would be if we go back here we see
that when we started the server the poor was 6 3 7 9.
All right so I'm going to do port forwarding again to have access to it on my machine.
And the next piece is that we want to make sure that we can access read us from our back and API.
So if you remember we'll have to do links to the rattus service
and the backend API that links to their service.
Most likely we should also give it an environmental variable that is just like we did with postscripts
where we give it the you our eye or unique resource identifier to connect to it.
We need to do the same for rattus.
So let's say rattus you are right and this is going to use the name being created in doc or compose.
In our case the rattus service.
So instead of saying localhost or anything like that we just say rattus is being accessed by the local
host and the port is going to be 6 3 7 9 and that should be all we need to do.
Now the one thing we need to change now is in the seinen dodgy us where we access the rattus client
instead of using host we can't just simply give it the you are right and again we're doing the exact
same thing as we are doing with the database we're simply giving the process start and postscripts year-I
but this time to the rattus client
and we want to do process dot dot rattus
you are right.
Let's save this.
And I want to rerun everything we have to close down docker so that this read as service gets created.
So let's give that a go.
I'm going to actually bring everything down.
Just so we get a nice fresh state.
All the containers or all the services were removed.
And I'm going to run Dr. compose up.
Bill and hopefully if everything works out we now have read us in our container.
All right.
We haven't done it.
Any connection errors.
Which is the thing we want to look for back end is running.
We see that post cresses running.
If I scroll all the way up look at that I see are red S service as well.
That is ready to accept connection connections.
How cool is that.
We've just added rattus postscripts and back and all into our or container.
And you might remember the image that we had initially where we said that we want to create a doctor
container around all these three services.
And now the amazing thing is that the developers that join our team don't really need to worry about
postscripts or retests or even the backend API.
Everything runs with one comment and the other exciting thing is that if I go back here and instead
of read as we enter our project that is the smart brain API from here I can access the rattus server
that is in our container by simply running Dakar compose execute rattus and then running the rattus
CLIA.
Look at that.
We're able to log into our read a server and do any requests to check if things are actually in our
database.
Very very cool.
I hope you are able to get to that point and address to our doctor container because now we can do some
really really fun things.
We're going to be able to finally go back to our site in J.S. and store our tokin in the create session
here we can store our token in our re-edits database.
We're going to do that in the next video.
I'll see out that.